you know you can tell when you're the
world's greatest spy sterling lance
sterling everyone knows the name
[Music]
don't take the law so hard I mean you
got to meet lance sterling
[Music]
thank you thank you Chris two is too
much it's probably the right amount
still go back to working on this thing
at home it is gonna change spying
forever
it's called biodynamic concealment
imagine if I can make you wait for it
drawer please disappear disappear
disappear why are you saying it like
that for effect
that next generation concealment Tec you
wouldn't happen to have it on hand would
you
I do happen to have it in hand show it
to me
sure um what can I offer you a drink I
got water drinkable meal replacement
mm-hmm
we had a drink Wow diet stuff has a
weird aftertaste
what's the tech well
it worked
[Music]
subject appears disoriented what did you
do Lance look at me look at you I can't
not look at you Walter I can see my butt
and your face at the same time
everywhere nobody notices them girl it's
the most perfect form a spy could take
you're gonna unburn me right now that's
it I'm gonna play with you I'm Bert I'm
raising my voice I probably shouldn't be
raising my voice at you I need you to
unburnt me Walter you Berdych yourself
[Music]
you